For details on the use of built in methods for the db reference - https://docs.python.org/3/library/sqlite3.html

Point of confusion/challenge when implementing. The is a example of a 50/50 split or birdge between pure SQL and Python.
So, as I noticed and others might, the SQL inside of the quotes-like "CREATE TABLE" and "INSERT INTO"—is Standard SQL. 
This is a universal language used by almost every database in the world (PostgreSQL, MySQL/Oracle, etc.).
The Python aka "The Plumbing", are the words such as "conn", "cursor", and "excute". These are part of the Python SQLite 
library. These are the "tools" used to talk to the SQL engine. 
I didn't understand the different before but once I read the documentation from the source about + asking Gemini so 
examples/ clarification it clicked. 

Now we use SQLite3 over Spring/Spring boot. For this session, understanding what is actually happen is very important. 
SQLite + Python == low abstration while Spring boot == high abstraction. Transparency vs Magic.

Why is this important?

It is based around if you want to "outsource" the work verse you need to take ownership of the work at every step.
Spring Boot == the tools like Hibernate (an ORM), automatically creates the SQL + manages the connection + handles the cursor for you.
You, as the engineer simple creating of the Java classes. That is why there is "magic" happening. 
While, SQLite + Python == you are manually opening the conn, creating the cursor, and writing the raw INSERT INTO string.

Spring Boot: if a database becomes slow, you don't know why because you didn't write the SQL-the "Magic" did. Additionally, it 
needs a lot more resources to start up. This is ok when you working with large scale applications. i.e. server in a bank.

SQLite + Python: you see every "moving part" and you know exactly when the file is opened adn when the data hits the disk.
Additionally, it doesn't need a lot to start up, it is literally a small C-library. It uses almost zero RAM when idle.

In the field of IoT and infrastructure, it is critical to know exactly what is happening and where in the flow it is occuring.
If a tank or pipe burst, it is important to know when, where, and what the data provided at the time or leading up to.

Side design/ architecture note:
I am trying to grow my architecture and design muscles. So, keep in mind and if I am incorrect feel free to messages me in LinkedIn. 
I like to learn and grow in my craft.

Now, we could use PostgreSQl, but it would increase the amount of work that is needed for this simple session. At a 
enterprise level use would PostgresSQl + Docker + MQTT (if you dealing with critical infrastructure). Now if you are working
with an something like Spotify you use a different protocol in place of MQTT but the db and containization is the similar.

Struggles:

At first my session 4 was not working due to making the error of note adding a making sure name casing for database_manger was correct. 
Classic numb mistake. I updated the incorrect spelling from database_manger to database_manager. That resolve the first issue.

Second issue, having some struggles getting my docker and python to communicate. I have the correct broker/isp but it is not auditing the historian.
I will review this issue agin to tomorrow and walk through the README steps again to ensure it is working correctly. Note resolve second issue yet.